<!-- loio1bc51e923fb843149b4f6f156a7730d0 -->

# Response Payload Data

GET and POST calls will return a payload of full resource information in the format requested.

The response payload can be very verbose or very concise, depending on both the entity type returned and the system query options, if any, set in the API call.

There are a few significant parts in these responses worthy of comment here:

-   The outer wrapping tags are `<entry> </entry>` tags, which indicates that this is the return of a single resource record. If there were a series of entries, wrapped in `<feed> </feed>` tags, this would be the return of a collection of resources.
-   The resource's properties are listed towards the bottom of the response payload, wrapped appropriately in `<m:properties> </m:properties>` tags.
-   The properties show the property name, its data type, and its value.
-   The data type is prefixed with "`Edm.`", which refers to the Entity Data Model, which is described in the next section of this page.

JSON responses are considerably more concise. They are arranged somewhat differently, and they lack the wrapping tags called out in the preceding list. They also lack some of the elements described above \(such as the "Edm." prefixes\).



<a name="loio1bc51e923fb843149b4f6f156a7730d0__edm"/>

## Entity Data Model

Data in the SAP Build Work Zone, advanced edition OData API is represented in accordance with the Entity Data Model \(EDM\). The Entity Data Model specifies a set of data types \(for example, `Edm.Int32`, `Edm.String`, `Edm.Boolean`, and `Edm.DateTimeOffset`\) be used be used to describe a resource.

For more information on the Entity Data Model, see: [Entity Data Model](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/framework/data/adonet/entity-data-model).



<a name="loio1bc51e923fb843149b4f6f156a7730d0__generated"/>

## Generated Properties

Many properties, such as unique Ids, timestamps, counts, and URLs, are generated by SAP Build Work Zone, advanced edition. Some of these properties are structural aspects of SAP Build Work Zone, advanced edition, others report on member actions, and others show manually selected system configuration options. For example, the "LikesCount" on a Comment is the total number of "Likes" set by the members who have viewed the comment; this value is a sum of those "Like" actions that is generated by the system, and which normally cannot be set manually in a POST or PATCH operation. Generally, no "generated property" can be set via the API.

